Document browser.host matcher anchoring practice (#2236)
knausj85/knausj_talon: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Voice command principles

- P01 - Prefer [object][verb] rather than [verb][object] for new commands. For example 'file save' is better than 'save file'. It may not sound as natural, but it helps for grouping related commands in lists and avoiding conflicting names.

> - P02 - Use `browser.host` matcher for web apps. Though this matcher requires a [browser extension](https://github.com/talonhub/community/blob/main/apps/README.md) on some operating systems it is the only unambiguous way of referring to a web app. Prefer exact host strings such as `browser.host: github.com` when possible. When a regex is needed, anchor it because `browser.host` is already matched against the host portion of the URL, for example `browser.host: /^(.+\.)?example\.com$/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- P02 - Use `browser.host` matcher for web apps. Though this matcher requires a [browser extension](https://github.com/talonhub/community/blob/main/apps/README.md) on some operating systems it is the only unambiguous way of referring to a web app. Prefer exact host strings such as `browser.host: github.com` when possible. When a regex is needed to match subdomains or related domains, anchor it because `browser.host` is the host portion of the URL, for example `browser.host: /^(.+\.)?example\.com$/`.
```
